General Notes:
    A note on defines. Defines when compiled with clang at least, produce a constant value that's baked directly into the binary.
    If you take a look at usages of these constants, you can see examples where if they are multiplied together, the compiler optimizes 
    this into a single numeric constant. If we defined these as constant variables, the compiler will add a compare instruction to the generated 
    machine code due to the optimizer being less confident without hard-defined variables.

Win32 random notes:

typedef union _LARGE_INTEGER {
    struct {
        DWORD LowPart;
        LONG HighPart;
    } DUMMYSTRUCTNAME;
    struct {
        DWORD LowPart;
        LONG HighPart;
    } u;
    LONGLONG QuadPart;
} LARGE_INTEGER;

This struct is an interesting windows thing. They provide this union to allow older systems to be able to 
pass around 64 bit integers, it consists of 2 structs with a high/low part, and a quad part field. The quad part 
field is the actual 64 bit int. Since this is a union, it's 64 bits in size because of it's largest members size. 
At any given point when you use this struct, you are either getting the low/high part of the int via the structs inside 
the union, or you're getting the entire 64 bit value. 

The two structs here are for two purposes:

struct {
...
} u;

u - Defines a tagged struct for compatibility with compilers that do not support anonymous structs

struct {
...
} DUMMYSTRUCTNAME;

DUMMYSTRUCTNAME - This defines a tagged struct to satisfy older compilers, however this macro is defined as an empty value, so 
this is a trick to allow compilation of a union that provides both a named and anonymous struct member depending 
on the compiler.



ENGINE DESIGN NOTES (Work in progress, subject to common change.):
Thinking about what this engine is trying to actually be at the end of this project, it seems relevant to define the broad strokes here.
This engine is a 2d tile based game engine, that's essentially it, the design choices for now will be made with top down perspective in mind, 
but it seems likely that it can be utilized for side scrolling type games too, these are essentially just 2d tile based games that render 
a bit differently, the same plumbing is required in any case. In fact, there's really no reason this engine couldn't be utilized perfectly 
fine for some rudamentary point and click type adventure games - it's a big state machine that will render tiles at a set size, handle click 
events, animations, etc. But for this phase of building out this project, I am going to implement some sort of rpg-esque tech demo to 
work out the architecture and design, so I won't be able to verify the other types of games yet.

That is the main type of game this engine is attempting to assist in creating. To be able to support this, it seems reasonable to think about the 
engine architecture like this:

The engine needs to maintain an active game state - this essentailly means tracking an internal database of all relevant game data that will be used to determine 
the scene that needs rendered, and what the player can or is doing. It can do this with a combination of processing 
information per game tick, reading save/state data from disk, or input from the player themselves - Essentially the persistent data about the game, 
along with the runtime data itself. These allow the engine to make an assessment about what the overall game is doing. 

As part of the engine's state, the engine logically needs to track what needs to be shown to a player. As far as I can reason, you essentially only need to 
really ever show two things to player - A level, which I consider to be a rendered game scene that is an active playable section of the game, 
or an intermidiary screen - this might be a start menu, loading screen, etc. Beyond this, you may also have some sort of on screen ui or hud. To me, 
these are no different than form controls on a website - they are clickable widgets or regions that take input of some kind, and they may trigger some kind of 
event that some other thing reacts to. I'm not too sure on this yet, but in any case, they're conditionally rendered click regions, they can exist in 
both an intermediary screen and a game level screen, so they're not really a separate thing to me, so the reasoning seems sound that this engine 
will be desined with the idea of either having an active level screen or some intermediary type of screen, and that's really all the engine ever needs to be doing at 
any given time. In this sense, this engine should be quite simple, it will essentially provide utilities for loading a level or non-level screen. 
Based on the active screen being shown, and the game state, you can derive a set of things that should be rendered, where 
they should be rendered, and what order they are rendered in, and the engine will simply blit a final image to a back buffer based on this, there's 
nothing else going on as far as I can reason.

Because of this, I'm going to start with a level size limit of 256x256 tiles for any given level, it's one of those good old computer numbers, and 
it seems like enough for now. This will be configurable and may be increased if performance allows.

Tiles are defined as whatever you want them to be, but it's setup by default to be 16x16, rendered up 4x for 64x64. This is a commonly used size for 
tile based games.

Engine {
    // Generic structure containing game data
    GameState           *gameData;

    // The level or menu we are actively working with. Only one of these would be set I would think, though menu could be pre-loaded 
    // potentially as an optional optimization if you maybe knew the next menu you wanted to load, no reason to not let both be set until we have 
    // a reason to, a few calls to unset one or the other when needed seems reasonable to expect the consumer of the engine to do.

    /*
        Example workflow
        Game starts -> Load in various startup/persistent data -> Load start menu -> menu loads, engine.menu = start menu -> user starts game, 
        use game state to determine level to load, level is done loading, cleanup the active menu and show the current level -> Before level shows, preload data 
        related to some menu that may be used next, perhaps a loading screen that will show no matter what outcome occurs next in game. -> level completes, either 
        use cached menu or load menu data, show menu, cleanup level, set game state, load next level or menu based on state.
    */
    Level               *currentLevel;  // The current level data structure we have loaded into memory.
    Menu                *menu;          // The current menu data structure we have loaded into memory. 
}

There is an engine configuration that is loaded in and is setup based on relevant preferences of options that may have been configured. For example, 
The engine configuration both defines how many save slots should be handled when it looks for saves which is a developer setting, but then 
it could also store things like the last fullscreen/windowed mode options a player set.

The configuration also contains the tilesize and logical dimensions of the game world screen we want to build out. This is used in conjunction with 
the relevant level that has been loaded onto the screen.



After a long think on it, there is enough here to demonstrate opening a game with a tiled map, so this satisfies 
BB-7. The bones of a level have begun to be thought through, but there's increasingly becoming an obvious need 
for an engine toolkit and a small level builder utility, I see no reason to not build this from scratch given the 
spirit of this project. At this point we have established that a level needs to provide the engine information about the tile width and height, 
level width and height, and a tile representing a row and columns various layers and where the asset for each layer is at. 
Because manually cutting up tile images and setting up tile data in the level file itself by hand is wildly impractical, 
it makes sense to add a level editor that supports the basic utility of providing tile location and layer information 
to the engine at runtime in a simple to read format. This is going to look something like this:

We setup a level folder. This folder contains mainly the assets of the level, and a level file 
that acts as a setup file for the engine's level, and manifest for the levels assets in one.
LevelOneFolder [
    assets: [
        tileSheet1.bmp
        tileSheet2.bmp
        tileSheet3.bmp
    ],
    levelFile: {
        width: 256,
        height: 256,
        tileSize: 16,
        layers: 32,
        tiles [
            {
                layer: 0
                row: 0
                column: 0
                assetName: tileSheet1.bmp
                assetRow: 0
                assetColumn: 1
            },
            {
                layer: 1
                row: 0
                column: 0
                assetName: tileSheet2.bmp
                assetRow: 0
                assetColumn: 1
            },
            ...etc for each tile on the grid, and each layer.
        ]
    }
]

The engine will read the levels assets when doing a read. This lets the engine allow you to provide 
any number of tilesheets to load tiles from, and it can load these in at runtime based on the levels tile
data.

The builder itself will doing things slightly differently, it will read the asset folder along with the level files 
tile size, and provide a panel of tiles to paint with that are cut out to the specified tile size from the 
various assets in the asset folder.

